background = #282828
background-opacity = 0.6
background-blur-radius = 10
theme = GruvboxDark
font-family = MesloLGS Nerd Font Mono
font-size = 20
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true

macos-titlebar-style = hidden
macos-option-as-alt = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

confirm-close-surface = false
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 10
window-padding-y = 10
window-padding-balance = true

auto-update = check
auto-update-channel = stable

shell-integration-features = no-cursor 
copy-on-select = clipboard

# Keybinds
keybind = super+b>r=reload_config
keybind = super+b>x=close_surface
keybind = super+b>c=new_tab 
keybind = super+b>n=new_window

keybind = super+b>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = super+b>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = super+b>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = super+b>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = super+b>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = super+b>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = super+b>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = super+b>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = super+b>9=goto_tab:9

keybind = super+b>\=new_split:right
keybind = super+b>-=new_split:down
keybind = super+b>e=equalize_splits

keybind = super+b>h=goto_split:left
keybind = super+b>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = super+b>k=goto_split:top
keybind = super+b>l=goto_split:right

# Disable broken shader
custom-shader =
